Copyright 2013, 2014, 2015 Timo Kasper, Simon Küppers, David Oswald
("ORIGINAL AUTHORS"). All rights reserved.

DEFINITIONS:

"WORK": The material covered by this license includes the schematic
diagrams, designs, circuit or circuit board layouts, mechanical
drawings, documentation (in electronic or printed form), source code,
binary software, data files, assembled devices, and any additional
material provided by the ORIGINAL AUTHORS in the ChameleonMini project
(https://github.com/emsec/ChameleonMini).

LICENSE TERMS:

Redistributions and use of this WORK, with or without modification, or
of substantial portions of this WORK are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

Redistributions and use of this WORK, with or without modification, or
of substantial portions of this WORK must include the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions, the below disclaimer, and the following
attribution:

"Based on the open-source RFID emulator ChameleonMini:
https://github.com/emsec/ChameleonMini"

The attribution must be clearly visible to a user, for example, by being
printed on the circuit board and an enclosure, and by being displayed by
software (both in binary and source code form).

At any time, the majority of the ORIGINAL AUTHORS may decide to give
written permission to an entity to use or redistribute the WORK (with or
without modification) WITHOUT having to include the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions, the below disclaimer, and the above
attribution.

DISCLAIMER:

THIS PRODUCT IS PROVIDED BY THE ORIGINAL AUTHORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ORIGINAL AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the hardware, software, and
documentation should not be interpreted as representing official
policies, either expressed or implied, of the ORIGINAL AUTHORS.
